Besides the technical problems, you must also consider the feasibility of such a design with 
respect to licensing. 
Current licensing guidelines prevent Office Applications from being used on server 
to service client requests, unless those clients themselves have licensed copies of Office. 
Using server-side Automation to provide Office functionality to unlicensed workstations is not 
covered by the End User License Agreement (EULA).

There are drawbacks to generating Word documents with ASP server-side Automation: 
Performance Microsoft Word is an out-of-process Automation server; out-of-process calls take longer to execute.


Scalability As an Automation server, Microsoft Word has substantial overhead because the Winword.exe 
file must be loaded in order for you to reap the benefits of Word's rich object model. 
By generating your documents from scratch and without the use of the Word object model, 
you can make your ASP application more scaleable and also increase performance. 
This approach is used in the following samples that demonstrate how to use the FileSystemObject 
to create an RTF file that can be interpreted in Microsoft Word at browser clients.

The first sample shows how to use ASP to create an RTF document that contains headers and footers, 
contains a table, and uses different font styles and colors for text throughout the document. 
The first sample uses ADO to access data from the sample Northwind Access database to
 create a 90-plus-page document. 

The second sample demonstrates how to create an RTF document similar to that of a Word mail merge. 
The resulting document contains headers and footers, various paragraph formatting and page breaks, 
and uses different font styles and types through the document. This sample also uses ADO to access 
data from the Northwind database to create a 170-plus-page document. 

NOTE: The Rich Text Format (RTF) specification is a public specification to generate RTF-compatible 
text files. You can use the documentation for the specification at the following Microsoft Developer 
Network (MSDN) Web site as a resource to help you build your own RTF files. However, the specification 
is provided "as-is", and is not supportted by Microsoft Technical Support. For the latest version of the 
RTF specification, see the following MSDN Web site: 
